buhdeuce yen if you don't know what
happened for whatever reason a child who
was black you'll see Wymondham that
later fell into the cage of a 400-pound
17 year old gorilla the incident
resulted in the absolutely tragic
shooting of the gorilla to rescue the
child who was thankfully removed safely
from the cage well it's weird because I
remember you know like the other day I
was I was watching the news in my hotel
room and they were like they shot the
gorilla there's such an outrage and I
haven't seen I hadn't seen the full
video because it just showed like the
kid kind of going up to the gorilla and
I'm okay they really do nothing like why
they shoot the gorilla then they show
the other part of the video we showed
the gorilla dragging the kids in the
water and I'm like I want to kill that
gorilla shoot the [ __ ] girl shoot the
[ __ ] girls not even a question tirame
was a gorilla native to the region of
central and western equatorial africa
this species of gorilla is now
considered to be critically endangered
by the international union for the
conservation of nature so it has a high
risk of going extinct according to zoo
keepers it is now their moral obligation
to preserve these gorillas whose habitat
has been completely destroyed in this
case mostly by logging and mining I'll
tell you this gorilla is dragging a
three year old boy which is you know I
mean I don't know I've been around care
if the gorilla came up to the point gave
him a banana shoot the [ __ ] gorilla
shoot and peeled it and peeled it and
handed it over to him the second the kid
got the banana shoot the [ __ ] gorilla
I really mean that in down to my heart
so it's pretty ironic wouldn't you say
that these animals are now stolen from
their endangered habitat in Africa which
we're responsible for destroying in the
first place and then imprisoned in zoos
and our Western countries to protect
them this is very interesting right the
first they start attacking the parents
what awful [ __ ] parents how dare you
what these parents are piece of [ __ ] I
mean different perhaps much more obvious
note white supremacy also dictates the
racist reaction that this story has
ignited from the white Mouse's against
this black family when initially it came
out the Twitter reaction
this but this is so funny about Twitter
what here you go white parents let your
kids do whatever you want why don't you
put a leash on the kids why parents my
parents what the hell is wrong with you
why parents what the hell is wrong with
you why parents just crazy why don't you
actually take care of kids it's where
your kids shoot up schools you just let
them do whatever you want two days later
turns out the parents are black
immediately Twitter goes kids are cards
take care of you don't amazing it's
tough out here I know these kids are
rambunctious there while they're eating
sugar all day so they're running around
a min you don't understand the struggles
of a parent like you phony [ __ ]
a really disgusting article in The Daily
Mail also disclosed in meticulous detail
the father's criminal history and as of
today this article has been shared
upwards of ninety four thousand times on
facebook um the father I think was not
even at the zoo so can anyone tell me
what his criminal record has to do with
anything just no one really cares right
cuz if you really cared about the
gorilla if you really cared about
gorillas you know what you wouldn't go
see him at the zoo rappy I don't see you
protest in the zoo right to everyone
who's reacting who isn't vegan as I said
while I think it's great that you are
able to show some compassion sometimes
in your life I think it's outrageous how
hypocritical you are because when you
are speaking out about this incident
with the gorilla being wrong you're most
likely going home and eating meat dairy
or eggs that evening for dinner or that
day or even as you're being outraged and
typing it on social media with us
Facebook or YouTube or Instagram or
Twitter or wherever it is that you're
talking about the outrage of this
gorilla and I don't normally do rant
videos but I have to rant about this
because i know you'll in dog festival is
happening in the next couple of weeks
and it's going to be exactly the same
thing on social media guys if you're not
vegan i think it's great you care about
these things but how can you care about
one incident of this gorilla Harambee
being shot or the dogs being eaten in
Ulan or sessle the line being shot by
the dentist and then not to give a [ __ ]
about the animals that you're eating
this is the problem so
so media and this is why we can't try
social media social media all social
media is is a vehicle for acceptance
right so i will post a picture on
Instagram that makes me look better than
I look so people accept me I will say
things on Twitter that are different
than how I actually feel that make me
look like a better person so people
accept me right I will snap chat a life
that I don't really live so people will
accept me so when it comes to this girl
thing there was a perfect opportunity
for acceptance hey if i show how much I
pretend to give a [ __ ] about animals
people will accept me and that new CN if
it's your kid you shoot the [ __ ]
gorilla just shut your [ __ ] grill
gonna shoot a dog I fall in the [ __ ]
pit take them all out Cesar all his boys
take them up I don't give a [ __ ] you
have my permission to kill them all and
I'll gladly stand over their bodies I'll
stand over their bodies like I'm glad
that this has happened and that we can
live to talk another